---
title: Tutorial on Creating a Website with the Nuxt Framework
date: 2025-02-21T00:00:00.000Z
description: Learn how to create a school website using Nuxt3 with features such as articles, news, teachers, and activities. Follow the step-by-step tutorial!
tags:
   - Nuxt
   - Website
   - Tutorial
slugs: creating-a-website-with-nuxt
---

Hello everyone! In this article, we will create a school website with **Nuxt3**. This website will feature several main features such as **Home**, **Articles**, **News**, **Teachers**, and **Activities**. Keep watching the tutorial!

## School Website Features

1. **Home**:
   - Hero section
   - A glimpse of the principal
   - Vision, mission, and objectives
   - Achievements
   - Latest articles and news

2. **Articles**:
   - List of articles with search and tag features

3. **News**:
   - List of news with tags

4. **Teachers**:
   - List of teachers at the school

5. **Activities**:
   - Photos of school activities

In addition, like a school website in general, we will also add a **Navbar**, **Footer**, and various other common elements.

## Technology to be used

- **Nuxt 3** (compatible with unreleased Nuxt 4)
- **Nuxt Content v3** (CMS for managing content)
- **Nuxt UI v3** (for interface display)
- **Nuxt Hub / Vercel** (for hosting)
- And others, flexible according to your needs

## Requirements for Running Nuxt on a Laptop

Before starting, make sure you have the following ready on your laptop:

1. **Node.js**
   - Version **18.x** or later (we recommend the active LTS version). Can be downloaded here. [Nuxt Installation](https://nuxt.com/docs/getting-started/installation)
2. **Text Editor**
   - There are no special IDE requirements, but we recommend **Visual Studio Code** (VSCode) with the official Vue extension (see here) or **WebStorm**.
3. **Terminal**
   - Make sure you are familiar with the terminal to run Nuxt commands. For more information, you can check the official Nuxt documentation here.

## Basic Assumptions

I assume that you understand the basics of website programming and are familiar with the basic concepts of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Here, I will only provide a general tutorial. Each discussion will be divided into several **Chapters** for easier understanding.

## List of Tutorial Chapters

- **Chapter 1**: Nuxt 3 Preparation and Installation
- **Chapter 2**: Creating a Website Structure (Navbar, Footer, etc.)
- **Chapter 3**: Adding a Home Page and Articles
- **Chapter 4**: Managing Content with Nuxt Content
- **Chapter 5**: Adding News and Activity Features
- **Chapter 6**: Displaying Teacher Data
- **Chapter 7**: Deploying Website to Vercel
